everybody see may be wondering why we're
watching this little roly-poly so bug
singling some research today and there's
differences between so bugs and pill
bugs pill bugs are really pulleys they
roll up so bugs try to run away but I
look pretty much alike now why am i
showing you these well i'm looking at
raising them as an alternative feed
source for my chickens they're good
calcium people raise them for you know
pet frogs and lizards and stuff like
that and so I've here why not try
raising some for my chickens they're a
relative to a lobster or shrimp they
actually have gills so you got to keep
the their environment somewhat moist and
so here's the environment I went out
back and I scooped up a little bit of
soil and put in here through some coffee
grounds and here those are nice and
moist some bark off of a stick lots and
lots of leaves back there I don't know
if that's because of the drought or
we're going to have an early winter but
usually doesn't happen for another two
months so pretty early and I probably
have oh who knows maybe 50 in here throw
in some different food I know they eat a
lot of going to apply them in compost
piles and under rocks and supper
vegetations dying so
I figure they'll eat this it'd be kind
of a place for him to hide its place
where I'm to eat just a lot of little
different places from the crawl around
but that is something I'm going to try
and see how successful it is how I don't
know I don't really see much online
about them especially we're a lot much
on YouTube about raising them for a food
source a little bit couple videos here
and there but not much they're also
called blood lice and so I'm gonna keep
them at a in this container here I got
to find a place there keep it outside
someplace and the shade or just keep it
in here in the garage it's not too bad
seem to be having a break from the
hundred and ten degree weather so that's
good yeah so I'll find a probably find a
place I shelf someplace and just kind of
a storm come out and water remember one
small and give them some new food and
especially when they have young the
females basically kind of brewed the
young on them and after a couple weeks
or hatch they look just like the adults
only their tiny they molt then they eat
their shells and so they don't lose any
calcium they're constantly eating more
calcium so you know maybe not like a
mill worms or something where you end up
with thousands of them but definitely
can probably have treats here and there
so
find a place for I'm here and we'll come
back and check on them every couple days
see how progress goes till next time is
josh